This is the start of my adulthood story. The year is 2019, I am done with my high school life as most would call it in the Kenyan context.
All looks merry when you leave the school gates with all you hava ever had in the four years that you have been locked up with rules and regulations.
For most the rules especially now that you are just hitting your puberty and all that, you start to feel like you
are a full grown man and seeing a fellow grown man(teachers) tryin to set rules for you and enforce them on you becomes something
that most deam as impossible. From mandatory "Always be on the move" to "Form X will be cleaning the dormitories today" to
 "You did not do your manual work today and therefore go see the teacher on duty" to some other strict rules that it's now that we 
 are coming to the realisation that they were very crucial for building the discipline that you need in the outside world to be 
 of importance to yourself and the world as a whole. On the final day of my Physics paper which was a practical exams,(It was some tough paper and despite being given a prior
 glimspe of what to expect, I still had a rough time with it), I left the laboratory, went straight to the kitchen area, served myself some cabbages that had already been cooked
  and went to the dormitory eating them. Some other fellows did so and with mo time we all had our boxes out and we left the school premises. Went to the gate, found bodaboda riders 
  waiting for us and for me, I was taken by my all time friend Vincent who I instructed to take my box home now that we all lived in the same area and come back pick me up and take me to Bondo.
  The main aim for going to Bondo was just to go have some good time if not some reckless time with the rest of high school leavers and also to buy some shoes that I believed I had saved most 
  of my pocket money for. Vincent came back, picked me up and within no time, we were out to go to. We arrived at the location, looked for an ideal place to park the bike as we all walked around 
  trying to trace other high schoolers but with no success. We finally decide to buy the pairs of shoes and start the return journey home. I decide to be the rider ater some distance off the town in somemurram road
  and before I could even cover a 100 meters,  we almost fell badly but I stabled the bike and we continued with the journey. After less than another 200 meters, we met an oncoming vehicle, which was jusy some
  distant from us but as all day blunders, if not the eveil forces, I almost crashed into it and were it not for Vincent, we could have also be hurt if not dead. After that secon "deliberate" mistake Vincent finally askes 
  me the question, "Kwani hujui kuendesha bike" which trabsaltes to have you forgotten to ride a motocycle? It is important to know that I have been riding a motocycle since I was in class 7 and I had several years 
  of experience and even Vincent himself learned to ride a motocycle later after I had been on the road.
   The journey continued and we arrive at home with nobody around but my younger sister Cindy. My aunt by that time was at her workplace which was Nyilima. Got in, took my box in and thats how I was fully a villager
   and an adult at the same time.