Evening docks, my aunt get home from work, a rhetoric question follows, "Exams zishaisha" which translates to, are you done with your exams, I answer yes and she askes me a question that its answer 
I believe is always a crusifiction answer that you will come to know why I say so in a while. The question was, "How was the exams and what grade do you see yourself getting". Well for me, just like the
ancient proverb of " Dont count your chicks when they are not yet hatched", I just had  not tangible answer but instaed I said it was tough just to set myself in some safe position incase things turn out to be 
of worse case scenarios. Everyone else with good exposure always know this is a kind of a question you cannot just answer with so much confidence. She finally shrugs the story away and reminds me of my cousine Shirley
who was also doing her KCSE at that time and was just some days from completing her exams now that she was doing French and the exams were spposed to be done in some days after us Physists had finished ours.
At the same time, my other cousine Denzel was already dome with his exams prior and had travelled to Nairobi at that time. She had asked him about the same question and he had also replied just like me. She tell me that 
all will be well and ma we saw what we ripe and the conversation dies there. The evening draws, I get to the kitchen, prepare our supper and just like that, the first half day as an adult, and as a villager comes to an end.
Cindy and her goes to bed earlier and I remain on the sitting room scrolling on my phone while still making peace with the old me and the fact that every night time routine after every meal for the past 6 years
living in Asembo of going to the dinning to study before going to bed comes to an end. The next days starts to roll and unlike the past days as a student when I could go to the Libray on mst days to read, this was 
some new days and it was becoming hard for me to make peace with the reality. Shirley finnaly finishes her exams and travels straigyt to Nairobi and its just me who was at Asembo all this time
alone and tired. On most days I would wake up at around 7-7:30A.M to try and match the energy of my aunt before she could go to work by helping in the basic house chores like cleaning utensils, the house or the compound
before she can leave and let me enjoy the homestaed with my friend Omollo or wwhoever would come to visit me. We all could just entertain ourselves before finally the sun would dawn and I decide to have a bath
and leave to Kamito to have some time with friends mostly Leonard, Odhisi and the rest of the crew. It was at these times that I was able to concince a giel called Brenda and for the first time in my adult life 
I was able to have a girlfriend. In most days, I would go to their place and make some merry with her in some house she used to sleep in just some steps from  their main house. With time, it became  a habbit and most times
I would be with Brenda and the house. How I wish i knew the risks I was putting myself into the whole of this time. December holidays comes and Christmas eve comes, we decide to eat and buy sometime in the sitting room before we could finally ensure that
everyone else has gone to sleep and it was just us(Me and Yash who happened to have travelled from Webuye to Asembo fo the holidays) and we decide to go to our sleeping room that was also the house used for keeping farm tools and harvests.
While we were waiting at the dinning table buying time, Yash was hatching some plans on how to go catch up with her girlfriend who at that time they had agree to meet at the Raliew Catholic church that night.
She was a massaver and she was to be at the alter all this time but now that the mass was supposed to be over by latest midnight, they would have their time there after. We decide to finally act as if we are going to our room room, open the 
door and get in. We decide to close the door and embark on the night journey to the Chuch to meet the girl. We arrive, get most of our friends and the rest of the people we all knew, have some time making stories before finally the time comes and we realise that the mass is 
over and we shall not be in a position to meet this girl. We decide to go back home, the longest night someone can ever talk of. We loose contact with each other and since we all never had phones, Yash decided to go hoe straight
while I still wonder at Kamito searching for him. After sometime of failing to find him, I decide to walk home. The road was so dark and you could not see anything. All that lead me home was muscle memory for
the road and nothing else. I finally gets home and I meet Yash while our dog barks at me and I get hit with the information that our door has been locked by what we came to later realise was our aunt. The chills that run on our spine was unimaginable.
We finally  view the rewards vs all the repurcassuins that awaited us and I suggest that we leave the compound and go have a night at Omollo's place. The rain starts and as we navigated the bushy roads, we get rained on.
I call Omollo to notify him of our predicament and just like that, he laughs at us and allows us  to come over. We arrive, wet and tired, we had to sleep like that abd by next morning, Yash extends his sleep as if all is well
before finally deciding to go to the toilet to waste another chunk of time while my heart boils down. We finally make our way home to act as if we never knew anything and just some meters before arrijving, we meet several friends of our aunt who 
hints us that they already know what happened last night. We arrive and we are met with sme cold, sarcastic smile and questions before being let in within the shortest time possible.
Backgroud story to how our door was closed despite being the last people to go to bed and also leave the compound. Prior, we had been sent to Kalandin to do some shopping for the Christmas and comong back we were told there
will be no Kesha(the night celebrations on the Christmas eve and the new years eve) at our church(Anglican) and so we decided to go our ways not knowing our aunt had been misinformed. In the middle of the night, she got a call that the event is up and instaed she sould come if not us.
She woke up, came to our room to wake us up just to find the room empty and to make it even harder for us, she decided to lock it up using the ktchens padlock. Also, I had talked about weighing the good and the bad, the bad was that
he never liked people getting to the homestaed using the fence or climbing the gate and that's why we could not risk sleeping in the compound eve though we could just get to our room and sleep. We decided we cannot 
make two mistakes at ago.
