As days pass by, all starts to move well despite my inner self telling me something is not good. I had a lot of anxiety and too much on my mind that I could not fathom how I could start navigating them all. 
Results were out before Christmas and it happen that I was part of the people who scored C+ and above and I qualified to go to univeristy through govermnt sponsorship. My aunt one day comes and askes me if 
I want to go to Nairobi and stay with my father if not family members who also happened to be living in Nairobi at the time. I was hesitant but before I could answer, she teold me that she will borrow
some money from the Chama and she will have me book the bus to Nairobi. Date 27 December comes and I am given the money to go to Ndori to book the bus that was to travel to Nairobi the next day.
This came at a time when I had started developing plans on how I will tackle the "hill" that was ahead of me at that time of blending into the society as an new time adult.
I had thought of my primary school mates who had never made it to High school and instaed had developed proper roots in the community and were earning some good living by doing some construction and manual works
but before all that could sink down, I had my own bus ticket booked by me and it was at that point that I was like, No going back. I struggled to make peace with it but just like death, you have no otherwise. The day
finally arrives, all is gloomy on my head, contemplating on what I can do to make all this pass but there was no otherwise. I call my brother Don who tells me something that gave me some sort of reassuarnce when I told him
about my expected travel and these were his exact words "Wewe kuja Nairobi, tupige kazi and lets have some soft life". Which loosely translates to come to Nairobi, lets work and live a soft life. As much as that senstence 
seemed, short, it gave me hope, reassuarnce and out of all belief that there were things that I could still do to make ends meet. Hours pass by and after taking lunch, I decide to go have the last time with my friends
whom I have known for the past 6 years and just like that, when evening drew, I tried to buy sometime but I knew in my head I had to leave. I finally embark on my journey back home and just when I was at the road, I could see
my aunt was already bored seeing me act like I did. She asked me if I did not know that I was to take an 8:00PM bus immedietly I opened the gate and with food already prepared, I went straight to the bathroom, bathed,
came back, packed my things and together with the rest she had already packed for me, I eat while she called her motorcycle rider who came, waited for me for sometimes and at 7:30PM we left the compound that had been my
home for the last 5 years or so. Was ridden to Ndori, just when I thought I was late for thr bus, I never knew the bus had some other plans. I was dropped, we waited for close to an hour before the bus could finally come 
and when I had my luggage on the lugagge compartment just below the bus, boarded and sat on my seat, It was that moment that I realised, it was a done deal for me. The journey was smooth and I finally arrived in Nairobi at
around, 4:00AM. Took a matatu to my nearby stage before getting picked up by my brother and sister and that was the start of a new leaf for me.
                      
                      -end of the chapter-